---
layout: default
title: DX-001
parent: DX Tech Papers
permalink: /dx-001/
has_children: false
has_toc: true
nav_order: 1
---

# DX-001
{: .no_toc }

|                   |                                                                                                                    |
|------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|       **Author:** | Guido van Rossum <guido at python.org>, Barry Warsaw <barry at python.org>, Alyssa Coghlan <ncoghlan at gmail.com> | 
|       **Status:** | Active                                                                                                             |
|         **Type:** | Process                                                                                                            |
|      **Created:** | 05-Jul-2001                                                                                                        |
| **Post-History:** | 05-Jul-2001, 01-Aug-2013                                                                                           |
{: .field-list }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## What is a DX Tech Paper?

PEP stands for Python Enhancement Proposal.  A PEP is a design
document providing information to the Python community, or describing
a new feature for Python or its processes or environment.  The PEP
should provide a concise technical specification of the feature and a
rationale for the feature.

We intend PEPs to be the primary mechanisms for proposing major new
features, for collecting community input on an issue, and for
documenting the design decisions that have gone into Python.  The PEP
author is responsible for building consensus within the community and
documenting dissenting opinions.

Because the PEPs are maintained as text files in a versioned
repository, their revision history is the historical record of the
feature proposal. This historical record is available by the normal git
commands for retrieving older revisions, and can also be browsed
`on GitHub <https://github.com/python/peps>`__.


## DX Tech Papers Audience

The typical primary audience for PEPs are the core developers of the CPython
reference interpreter and their elected Steering Council, as well as developers
of other implementations of the Python language specification.

However, other parts of the Python community may also choose to use the process
(particularly for Informational PEPs) to document expected API conventions and
to manage complex design coordination problems that require collaboration across
multiple projects.


## Copyright

This document is placed in the public domain or under the
CC0-1.0-Universal license, whichever is more permissive.
